


Subject: INDOT INCORS - Your subscription package LE-Y7XMQK38FJ-2122075913 is activated.


Dear Bharath Keshavamurthy

Your order number has been processed and following subscription package has been activated.
RTK Products

The service can be used with immediate effect.

   
User Details:
User Name:	purdue25
First Name:	Bharath
Last Name:	Keshavamurthy
Company:	Purdue University (Research)
E-Mail Address:	bkeshava@purdue.edu

	
   
Details RTK-Access:

The IP address is 108.59.49.226

The port is: 10000 for NTRIP which includes: RTCM 2.3, 3.1, MAX, iMAX, CMR and CMR+

Other information, like current mount points, can be found under the links tab on our website https://incors.in.gov. If you need a TCP/IP connection please send an e-mail request to incors@indot.in.gov and we will contact you to create it.

Please see below regarding Technical Support. If your order request contained multiple subscription accounts, you will receive a seperate activation confirmation for each activated account. You can check the status of your subscriptions any time by contacting us. 
   
User Tech Support Note:

The Indiana Department of Transportation is providing access to the InCORS Network to any user recognizing the value of such a service at no charge. Although our ultimate goal is to provide complete support to all users, at this time access is being provided “as-is”. We currently don’t have the resources or staff to provide 24/7 technical support to all users. While we understand that some users may have questions regarding access to the network, we simply do not have the capability to respond to all inquiries. Our limited staffing is only available during normal business hours and our first priority is supporting INDOT project production. We have tried to construct the InCORS web interface to be as user friendly as possible and provide the necessary information to all users. Please be patient as it will be a work in progress. We strongly recommend that you try to extract as much information from the website as possible before seeking additional support directly from our office. We encourage users to rely on their equipment vendors to help with their specific rover configuration. We will be compiling and posting support documents for various brands of rovers to our website as they are developed. If you experience an issue with the network, please visit the website for any system alerts or notices that may affect you. If you have a specific issue or question regarding the network that is not addressed on our website, please email your inquiry to us first at incors@indot.in.gov, before attempting to call in. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. 


Kind Regards
Your INDOT INCORS Team
Land & Aerial Survey Office
Indiana Department of Transportation
120 South Shortridge Road
Indianapolis, Indiana 46219-6705
O: (317) 610-7251 ext 289, 290 or 293
Office web site: http://www.laso.indot.in.gov
